shell-integration = zsh
clipboard-read = allow
theme=catppuccin-mocha
clipboard-write = allow
quit-after-last-window-closed = false
confirm-close-surface = false
gtk-single-instance = true
font-family = "JetBrains Mono"
font-size = 12
adjust-cell-height = 1
adjust-underline-position = 3
adjust-underline-thickness = 1
adjust-cursor-thickness = 1
window-decoration = false
keybind = ctrl+a=reload_config
keybind = alt+enter=new_window
keybind = ctrl+shift+j=scroll_page_down
keybind = ctrl+shift+k=scroll_page_up
keybind = alt+shift+l=new_split:right
keybind = alt+shift+h=new_split:left
keybind = alt+l=goto_split:right
keybind = alt+h=goto_split:left
keybind = alt+q=close_surface
